God’s Word says:
“Remember, then, your Grand Creator
“in the days of your youth,
before the days of distress come.”
And “the days of distress”
—they arrived early on Jerod at 11.
Jerod was diagnosed
with lymphoma cancer in the middle of 1991.
We started trying
to figure out how we could get him
the treatment that he needed,
of course, but in no way would we accept
a blood transfusion, and neither would Jerod.
When Jerod was in the hospital,
Child Protective Services
did investigate us.
They were concerned there was negligence.
It was just adding to the pain.
The way it turned out,
they backed completely away from that.
They realized that we hadn’t been negligent.
So as we faced different situations,
we’d pray at the time,
not to have miraculous answers,
but for Jehovah to open our eyes
and to be able to find things.
And it seemed as though
he was really directing us,
so that we could take care
of ourselves spiritually
through this situation as well as take care
of Jerod’s medical needs.
I remember
many times falling on my knees
and praying and thinking: ‘This is it.
I’m tested beyond what I can bear.’
And Jehovah would strengthen me.
And someone would come,
or they would say something.
And they fed us.
The brother made a schedule, and he said,
“You’re going to feed these friends.”
And the brother’s instructions were:
“You don’t bring it
and just drop off the food.
You stay with those friends.”
It made me cry
—the love and the care that we experienced.
One time, I remember
the hallways of this hospital
—1,500 miles (2,400 km) away from our home—
started filling up with people.
To me, that was answering prayers too.
It was hard for us
to get out of the hospital,
so they recorded talks.
They would look us in the eye,
and they’d say:
“Now, you need to listen to this.
It will keep you strong.”
Jerod was worried about us,
and he made it clear
that he was going to be fine.
He just didn’t know if we were going to be.
He died
in June of 1992.
He was at home.
And the last thing he said to us was,
“Work hard so we can all be together again.”
It’s numbing
because it’s almost like
you’re living a nightmare
because you never think
that those things will happen to you,
but it did.
I didn’t want people to see me cry.
I didn’t want pity, and I didn’t—
Because of that
—those negative feelings—
my imagination ran wild.
What helped me, I know,
was Gary putting into my heart and mind
that this is a fight.
It’s been a challenge for all mankind.
‘If you make it hard on them,
they won’t love you’
—Satan said that
about Jehovah and individuals.
So I would be giving in to that.
The strong feelings I had
and my sorrow almost made me stop.
I prayed a lot
to go back to the Kingdom Hall.
The congregation cried;
they lost a little boy.
It wasn’t just Gary and Beth.
They lost a little boy.
They cried,
and I didn’t feel alone.
And then we hugged; we cried together.
It really benefited us to get right back
into spiritual focus
and to get our minds off ourselves.
And I could’ve given in
to my pain and thought,
‘Well, I’m too heartbroken.’
It made me have more joy
because I realized that now they have a hope.
People around us were vital
—the support system Jehovah has—
and his Word, his spirit.
Jehovah answered those prayers.
Our goal was really to stay
in the full-time ministry
(maybe doing something else),
but we never, ever thought
we would be in the circuit work.
But to have our daughter
working with her husband in the circuit work
—it’s almost hard
to believe that it’s happening.
We look forward to seeing Jerod again,
having him back with us.
So I’m waiting,
and I know I’m not going to be disappointed.
How encouraging to know that Gary and Beth
are able to take vacation time
to travel occasionally
to see their daughter and her husband,
who are also serving in the traveling work.
And did you notice how Gary, Beth, and Jerod
felt Jehovah’s loving support
as they prayed throughout
this heart-wrenching trial?
They asked for wisdom
when seeking medical treatment for Jerod.
Jehovah put his arms around them and listened
when they felt overwhelmed
with grief and negative feelings.
He strengthened
Jerod’s hope in the resurrection
and helped Brother and Sister Septer
stay spiritually strong.
Can there be any doubt
that Jehovah was answering their prayers?
Doesn’t that strengthen our conviction
that Jehovah will also answer Jerod’s prayer
that they all will be together again?